Fixed a cross-platform endian issue (#17644)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  :meth:`tree.DecisionTreeRegressor.fit`, and has not effect.
  :pr:`17614` by :user:`Juan Carlos Alfaro Jiménez <alfaro96>`.

> - |Fix| A fix to allow a binary serialized model to be successfully loaded on a machine
>   with different endianness.

Reviewer: We should specify which estimators are affected.

```suggestion
- |Fix| Allow serialized tree based models to be unpickled on a machine with different endianness.
```

  :pr:`17644` by :user:`Qi Zhang <qzhang90>`.

:mod:`sklearn.utils`
.........................

- |Fix| Fix :func:`utils.estimator_checks.check_estimator` so that all test
  cases support the `binary_only` estimator tag.

>   :pr:`17812` by :user:`Bruno Charron <brcharron>`.

Reviewer: This line is due to a merge conflict and should be removed.

Author: @rth do you mean to remove the following section?
```
:mod:`sklearn.utils`
.........................

- |Fix| Fix :func:`utils.estimator_checks.check_estimator` so that all test
  cases support the `binary_only` estimator tag.
  :pr:`17812` by :user:`Bruno Charron <brcharron>`.
```

Reviewer: Yes, if you look at the PR diff on Github it should only contain the code you modified and nothing else.
